tweak readme (#72)
rokka-io/rokka-client-php: README.md

## Bootstrapping

> You will need to register for a Rokka.io account and use the api key you receive. The recommended way to do this is by downloading the [rokka-cli](https://github.com/rokka-io/rokka-client-php-cli/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to register for a Rokka.io account and use the api key you receive.
The recommended way to do this is by using the [rokka-cli](https://github.com/rokka-io/rokka-client-php-cli/releases).
```

> You will need to register for a Rokka.io account and use the api key you receive. The recommended way to do this is by downloading the [rokka-cli](https://github.com/rokka-io/rokka-client-php-cli/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to register for a Rokka.io account and use the API key you receive.
The recommended way to do so is by using the [rokka-cli](https://github.com/rokka-io/rokka-client-php-cli/releases).
```

$imageClient = Factory::getImageClient($organization, $apiKey);
```

> There is an optional parameter to specify the base URL of the Rokka API. This usually does not need to be adjusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an optional parameter to specify the base URL of the Rokka API.
This usually does not need to be adjusted.
```

### Options for clients

You can add an options array as last parameter to Factory::getUserClient` or `Factory::getImageClient`.
It takes the following format:

```php
[ 
   Factory::API_BASE_URL => 'https://some-other-api.rokka.io',
   Factory::RENDER_BASE_URL => 'https://myimages.example.com', // you you want/have another render base url
   Factory::PROXY => 'http://proxy:8888', // if you need to use a proxy
   Factory::GUZZLE_OPTIONS => ['verify' => false] // any guzzle option you need/want
]
```

## Usage

Read the [Getting Started](https://rokka.io/documentation/guides/get-started.html) guide of the [rokka.io documentation](https://rokka.io/documentation) to learn about the basic concepts of rokka.

> The image client and user client provide the operations described in the API Reference section of the rokka documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image and user clients provide the operations described in the API Reference section of the rokka documentation.
```

For example, to upload an image, you would do:

```php

> 

Reviewer: Is the example missing here? :)

Author: hm. this was some old changes i found on my disk... i will try to figure out what i intended to do here

Author: guess i wanted to add an example. i removed this bit and add back the link to the api docs to be able to merge this as the rest of the changes would be useful.
